Implement rpc-patch-v1-01 (#468)
Azure/azure-openapi-validator: docs/patch-properties-in-normal-resource-definition.md

# PatchPropertiesInNormalResourceDefinition

## Category

ARM Error

## Applies to

ARM OpenAPI(swagger) specs

## Related ARM Guideline Code

- RPC-Patch-V1-01

## Output Message

> Patch request body MUST contain atleast one or more properties present in the normal resource definition(PUT operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch request body MUST contain at least one or more properties present in the normal resource definition (PUT operation).
```

## Description

> Validates if Patch request body contains atleast one or more properties present in the normal resource definition(PUT operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates if Patch request body contains atleast one or more properties present in the normal resource definition (PUT operation).
```
